these are the word
covenant which the Lord come
Moses to make with the children of
Israel in the land of Moab
besides the covenant which he made with
them in her head now Moses called all
Israel and said to them you have seen
all that the Lord did before your eyes
in the land of Egypt to Pharaoh and to
all his servants and to all his land the
great trials which your eyes have seen
the signs and those great wonders yet
the Lord has not given you a heart to
perceive and eyes to see and ears to
hear to this very day and I have led you
40 years in the wilderness your clothes
have not worn out on you and your
sandals have not worn out on your feet
you have not eaten bread nor have you
drunk wine or similar drink that you may
know that I am the Lord your God and
when you came to this place sian king of
Heshbon and are king of Batian came out
against us to battle and we conquered
them he took their land and gave it as
an inheritance to the rubra knights to
the gay rights and to half the tribe of
Manasseh therefore
heed the words of this covenant and do
them that you may prosper in all that
you do all of you stand today before the
Lord your God your leaders and your
tribes and your elders and your officers
all the men of Israel your little ones
and your wives also the stranger who is
in your camp from the one who cuts your
wood to the one who draws your water
that you may enter into covenant with
the Lord your God and into his oath
which the Lord your God makes with you
today that he may establish you today as
a people for himself and that he may be
God to you just as he has spoken to you
and just as he has sworn to your
father's to Abraham Isaac and Jacob I
make this covenant and this oaths not
with you alone but with him who stands
here with us today before the Lord our
God as well as with him who is not here
with us today for you know that we dwelt
in the land Egypt and that we came
through the nations which you passed by
and you saw their abominations and their
idols which were among them wood and
stone and silver and go
so that there may not be among you man
or woman or family or tribe whose heart
turns away today from the Lord our God
to go and serve the gods of these
nations and that there may not be among
you a route bearing bitterness or
wormwood and so it may not happen when
he hears the words of this curse that he
blesses himself in his heart saying I
shall have peace even though I follow
the dictates of my heart as though the
drunkard could be included with the
sober the Lord would not spare him for
then the anger of the Lord and his
jealousy would burn against that man and
every curse that is written in this book
would settle on him and the Lord would
blot out his name from under heaven and
the Lord would separate him from all the
tribes of Israel for adversity according
to all the curses of the Covenant that
are written in this book of the law so
that the coming generation of your
children who rise up after you and the
foreigner who comes from a far land
would say when they see the plagues of
that land and the sicknesses which the
Lord has laid on it the whole land is
brimstone soft and burning it is not so
nor does it bear nor does any grass grow
there like the overthrow of sodom and
gomorrah admah and sabayon which the
Lord overthrew in his anger and his
wrath all nations would say why has the
Lord done so to this land what does the
heat of this great anger mean then
people would say because they have
forsaken the Covenant of the Lord God of
their fathers which he made with them
when he brought them out of the land of
Egypt for they went and served other
gods and worship them gods that they did
not know and that he had not given to
them and the anger of the Lord was
aroused against this land to bring on it
every curse that is written in this book
and the Lord uprooted them from their
land in anger and wrath and in great
indignation and cast them into another
land as it is this
the secret things belong to the Lord our
God but those things which are revealed
belong to us and to our children forever
that we may do all the words of this law
[Music]